I would like to give you an opportunity
now we have a fishbowl and it's got real
quotes from Donald Trump okay okay
and my challenge to you is can you read
these without cracking a smile with a
straight face now these are actual
quotes you will select them randomly
from this bowl if you're able to leave
them without laughing you get a keep you
keep the bowl all right so go ahead all
right so give it a bit of yucky putting
your yeah it's like a Halloween party or
something all right okay okay my bunch I
took a bunch take whatever you like all
right here we go
all right these again our actual quote I
think apologizing is a great thing but
you have to be wrong I will absolutely
apologize sometime in the hopefully
distant future if I'm ever wrong all
right well done well done
the foul that's profound number one I
have great respect for women I was the
one that really broke the glass ceiling
on behalf of women more than anybody in
the construction industry
II think he's talking about actual glass
that he broken or is that it well I
think some of his places have glass
ceiling oh yeah that's true yeah classy
Sarah knows um okay let me see these are
the milder ones actually if I were
running the view I'd fire Rosie
O'Donnell
I mean I'd look at her right in that fat
ugly face of hers
I'd say Rosie you're fired
all right that's not funny give one more
I'm receiving into it but I mean that's
the whole deal I mean if you want a
you're fired president or you're hired
I like a little of each I like a
combination okay all right one more oh I
can't read no is it bad
let me I can't read let me see which one
uh I've said if a Vanka weren't my
daughter perhaps I'd be dating her ha ha
we didn't make these up these are real
clothes all right you do get to keep the
bowl this would be nice you can fill it
with candy thanks for watching if you
like that subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all the latest videos and if
you didn't subscribe anyway it's free
who cares